---
title: "Welcome 2025!"
date : 2025-02-03
categories: [Intro]
tags : [Intro]
image: "https://64.media.tumblr.com/6d99b72021a1854e5cd31c8925cf3e1d/7cbc637e28491939-aa/s540x810/83897e36c768e5dea5a8b7304f87d0d3fe74005a.gifv"
---
# Intro

Welcome to my blog post. I am John Peter, a cybersec student. I love learning about pentesting and also web dev.\\
I made this blog post to be able to track my progress, learn from my audience and also maybe inspire someone.\\
As a not so proficient pentester, I hope my journey to proficieny motivates someone.\\
We all have goals, if not, make one. I have my goals for the year, this is what I will be using to track my progress.\\
Everytime I look at my goals, I just wanna **LOCK IN!!!** This is how it should be with everyone. Visualize yourself, who will you be at the end of it all?\\
Will it be wotrh it? Would you have done something better? This is what I ask myself.\\
My goals go hand to hand with who I want to be. So, who do I want to be by the end of this year?

### My Goals

1. Complete Penetration Tester path in HTB.
2. Get CPTS.
3. Get CBBH.
4. Master Active Directory.
5. Do at least 4 machines per week.
6. Complete OWASP top 10 path in HTB.
7. Land an internship.
8. Make as many **genuine** friends and connections.
9. Get my first bug bounty.
10. Be someones motivation.
11. Make my personal blog and be consistent with it.
12. Learn React.

These are my top goals, some of which I have alerady started tackling. I will be here after very week and talk about my progress and also many more interesting topics.\\
See you next week!!
