---
title: Welcome 2025!
date : 2025-02-03
url: "https://johncybersec1.github.io"
categories: [Intro]
tags : [Intro]
image: "https://v1.pinimg.com/videos/mc/720p/e8/59/cb/e859cb9ede570cd41bd3c07f0ad431f4.mp4"
---

# Intro
I know, 2 weeks no update, not a very good look for myself. I am pushing with this "consistency" thing.\
The past 2 weeks have been quite low. Been grinding HTB academy and started learning Javascript again.\
This time I will make a project with it and actually push through. But overall my main focusw was on CPTS. My academy notes are well over 30 pages and I have not even got to the bigger modules.\
Lets now dive into the specifics.

## HTB ACADEMY
Every single secong I spend in HTB academy is fruitful. I learn about new tools more about how things work and even different ways of thinking while approaching problems.\
I am the type of guy to go through an 8 hour module in 4 days. I want to get it all, especially if it's a critical module.\
I tried working on prolabs but lets just say, I will continue with them after finishing the pentest path and right before CPTS.\
If you find yourself asking for help in every step towards a CTF, open your eyes mate! You definitely need to get in the books more.\
Do not get me wrong, seeking help while in a CTF is a good thing, I have had more fun doing CTFs in a group than alone.\
But imagine this, from foothold all the way to root flag you have not done any thinking but just got straight up directions.\
That I don't agree with. When I found myself asking for help in every box on a prolab I just dropped it and grinded more on the academy modules.\
I didn't give up, I got the lesson, what was the lesson? Go get more preparation sir. Trust me.\
So I have been doing about 5-6 hours a day, apart from the weekends, academy modules. The grind is reallllll!!!!!\
So many different concepts learnt but I have now got to a point where I need to pause and go through all my notes to make sure I am not just reading and writing.\
Dead brain reading can be terrible. I will go through my 30+ pages of notes for however long it takes, prolly just hours or days, then back to the academy.\
That being said wish me luck!!! 

## Javascript
Web dev has always been something that caught my eye. I was always just so good with HTML and CSS tho.\
I used to make whole ass websites just from that and to be fair, they were pretty decent. Javascript was always something I wanted to learn as well.\
Now I am challenging myself to learn javasript and also be able to use at least one of its framework to make a mad cool project.\
I don't want my head to go down everytime I see that Javascript requirement on a job application.\
So this week I will learn the basics. i want to make a simple project by week four which I feel like is very possible.\

## Inspiration?
Literally just last year I didn't know half of the things I know know. I am around way more intelligent people than me which pushes me.\
I am not competing woth anyone but myself, and seeing myself grow and study more during uni break and not really feeling bothered by it just feels awsome.\
I love writng here as well. It helps me realize what I am doing and what I need to do. I wasn't a big guy on, wite your problem down, but now I get it.\
What I see coming is a better me and that's all that matters. A better me spiritually, mentally physically and emotionally.\
Lock in!!!

## SEE YOU NEXT WEEK
I mean it now! I will write down my progress next week. I wish to have at least covered 35% of the pentest module by that time and gone further with JS.\
Also own a couple of reitred machines and active challenges!!!
BISOUS!!!
